Hey, guys, what's up, beauty talking here ?
I give you the prb channel of the galley world.
next sport just announced the
new legendary non-fifa 16 staff are
year in all eight legendary new
Look, we're not cool, I like it.
very not expensive, I was cheering for
more expensive was rooting for a zidane
is rooting for a ronaldo phenomenon
Look, it's cheering for a lot more people than
the guys who came over having to
to be happy that these people come
players until a few interesting
the legendary beauty who came
are deco
li is also free gattuso zanetti best o
ogs bay and this cup in ag are
Legendary, cool, everyone.
legal maximums gattuso in my
opinion is cool
cool zanetti has to be cool in this
cool deco is cool guys the best it
was a great player from england
only he is not from our time was not
so we do not have that much anymore
deco love I do not think it's cool because it 's
a short time ago he had
fluminense
The coolest I know I like guys
was the cat's personal use was what I
I thought it was great to leave but I
wanted a ronaldo phenomenon and very expensive
I wish that who knows the rival for what
surround back playing while he is
playing but he retired for a long time
to have the rival and the coolest
now that all players will have
chemical orange oranges that orange line
when you boot up
usually the only chemists had chemistry
with the legendary or with a player of the
even of the same nationality now
Now any player you will be able to
keep the legendary team this is very good
because usually the legendary were
outside because of this chemistry thing
folks you could not use the legendary
in teams that were not with players of the
same nationality
the timing that was not entire reading
now you can get your team
should see your barclays team and bounce
legendary in the middle is connected well
intruder of course the two will get more
still expensive maybe or maybe not yet
Are you not sure about this but?
It's really cool, this guys, so this was it.
basically people want to know about the
comments there the legendary you
Do you think I missed it?
which one do you like the most?
and these then what do you think you
which you would vote for in your team if
you had the money to buy only one
all right
So that's it folks, let me tell you
I liked to play with friends that
hug told me and I went